Motivation

People make trips every day, but what they do for making these trips always remains mysterious. The ride-sharing data published online allows us to dive into people’s travel behaviors. This was usually done through an origin-destination survey which only reflects a tip of the travel behavior iceberg. Also, the ride-sharing data analytics has its profound impact since the door-to-door ride-sharing is going to be a major transit option in the autonomous transportation system after 5 to 10 years. 
One interesting aspect of exploring the ride-sharing trip data is that how it is correlated with local economic index and local business activities. Based on data analytics and business mindset, several questions would be very interested in answering, such as: Is there some distinct correlations between ride-sharing trips/volume and local economics index? If so, how ride-sharing volume impact local business? And furthermore, how to make use of the real-time or historical ride-sharing trip data to help local business vendors optimize their operations in the next day or hour? The solutions to these problems would serve as an operational decision-making tool for local business vendors. 
Objective: 
1.	Explore the potential correlation between ride-sharing trips and economic / business index at a macro- or micro scope.
2.	Clustering the trip using unsupervise learning algorithms and analyze the correlation between ride-sharing trips and local business index (local business dynamics according to a well-defined indicator)
3.	Predict the customer volume for one category of local business (e.g. grocery shopping or dining) 
